README.md, before:


A companion app for the Harvard CS50 class.

Try it here: https://expo.io/@abiraja/harvard-cs50

Still a work in progress, and requires visual polish.

| Icon Credits |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| array by Thesaurustool from the Noun Project                |
| Sagittarius Cat by Denis Sazhin from the Noun Project       |
| memory card by ProSymbols from the Noun Project             |
| Binary Tree by H Alberto Gongora from the Noun Project      |
| https by Creative Stall from the Noun Project               |
| anaconda by parkjisun from the Noun Project                 |
| Artificial Intelligence by Phil Smith from the Noun Project |
| database left by Knut M. Synstad from the Noun Project      |
| javascript by Oliviu Stoian from the Noun Project           |
| celebration hat by Surya from the Noun Project              |
| C File by Hea Poh Lin from the Noun Project                 |
| pause by Raphaël Buquet from the Noun Project               |
| play by Raphaël Buquet from the Noun Project                |
| minimize by Garrett Knoll from the Noun Project             |

Commit message:

Add integration-guide and transformed js

README.md, after:


A companion app for the Harvard CS50 class.

Try it here: https://expo.io/@abiraja/harvard-cs50

Or search for Harvard CS50 on the App Store or Google Play Store.

If you want to integrate this app with your course materials, you are most welcome to. Here's the [integration guide](integration-guide.md). If you need any help, drop us a note.

| Icon Credits |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| array by Thesaurustool from the Noun Project                |
| Sagittarius Cat by Denis Sazhin from the Noun Project       |
| memory card by ProSymbols from the Noun Project             |
| Binary Tree by H Alberto Gongora from the Noun Project      |
| https by Creative Stall from the Noun Project               |
| anaconda by parkjisun from the Noun Project                 |
| Artificial Intelligence by Phil Smith from the Noun Project |
| database left by Knut M. Synstad from the Noun Project      |
| javascript by Oliviu Stoian from the Noun Project           |
| celebration hat by Surya from the Noun Project              |
| C File by Hea Poh Lin from the Noun Project                 |
| pause by Raphaël Buquet from the Noun Project               |
| play by Raphaël Buquet from the Noun Project                |
| minimize by Garrett Knoll from the Noun Project             |
